And we met at a cafe.
I have to go in and test it out
A cup of coffee.
Do you remember my taste?
No sugar, no milk.
Do you really remember
You're almost my boss
How could I not remember?
Is that so?
Chen Ling, I finally found you
What are you doing?
Mr. Chen
Please forgive me.
You don't know
Since that night
My dad said as long as you don't forgive me
I'm afraid I'll be swept out
Look at you with so many bodyguards
I thought you were going to fight me
I will, Chen Gao.
My dad is afraid of you
If you can't beat me up
Come and protect me
I'm so scary
Only two days
Let a man kneel for you
Mr. Chen is really amazing, not you
When you first drugged
Why didn't I think it would be today?
Don't die with me
See you in court.
Miss Chen is really black and white
Be resolute
And you know what?
There used to be someone who looked just like you
Call me callous